---
title: FuseBox 1,1
layout: post
author: henry.barnard
permalink: /fusebox-1,1/
source-id: 1WwWugrEW3msd2dVBoVLmMEFd9QzOJRgWIs8sGIua358
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuse Week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Fuse 1-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for the lesson?</td>
    <td>Understanding the basics - BASIC</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I did because now I understand the basics so I can do harder activities</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the booklet and by talking to my partner and then we typed the answer/ solution up onto our monitor. I found this useful and effective. I found it effective because we talked about it so we we very positive about us having the right answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I took too long and that is why I had very limited learning time to do the work. Luckily we finished the task set with a few minutes to spare. But next lesson I would want to cover a lot more in the lesson but to do so I have to be a lot quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by getting the fusebox ready quicker because we got the fusebox up and running after 8 minutes. That needs to be a lot shorter next time because if it takes 8 minutes to get set up, then it takes 8 minutes to pack up then it takes 16 minutes all together. This is bad because it takes a quarter of the lesson to get ready and pack up. This takes away our learning time quickly and therefore we don't learn as much.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


